[Python] Implement new Concept Exercise: dicts (new PR) (#1936)
exercism/v3: languages/python/exercises/concept/dicts/.docs/instructions.md

> In this exercise you'll be managing an inventory system.

Reviewer: Nice story! You could add a little bit of flair to the story by possibly adding what type of items the inventory system will hold. Like a "theme" of sorts.

Author: Ah okay!
Something I will add.

> You will be given a list of items. Each time an item is in the given list, add `1` to the key in the _given_ inventory. Each item should be organized by their name and the amount of that item. You will also have to delete items from a dictionary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will be given a list of items. Each time an item is in the given list, add `1` to the key in the _given_ inventory. Each item should be organized by their name and the amount of that item. You will also have to delete items from the inventory.
```

You will also have to implement a function which returns a list of `tuples` of all the keys in the _given_ inventory.

## 1. Create an inventory from a list

> Implement a function that creates an inventory from scratch using a list of items. The function will return a dictionary of the inventory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Implement a function that creates an "inventory" from a list of items. It should return a `dictionary` representing the types and amounts of the items.
```

> Implement a function that creates an "inventory" from a list of items. It should return a `dictionary` representing the types and amounts of the items.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Implement the `create_inventory()` function that creates an "inventory" from a list of items. It should return a `dictionary` representing the types and amounts of the items.
```

```python
>>> create_inventory(["coal", "wood", "wood", "diamond", "diamond", "diamond"])
{"coal":1, "wood":2 "diamond":3}
```

> ## 2. Add items from a list to a dictionary

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## 2. Add items from a list to an existing dictionary
```

> Implement a function that adds a list of items to the inventory:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Implement a function that adds a list of items to a passed in inventory dictionary:
```

> Implement a function that adds a list of items to a passed in inventory dictionary:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Implement the `add_items()` function that adds a list of items to a passed in inventory dictionary:
```

```python
>>> add_items({"coal":1}, ["wood", "iron", "coal", "wood"])
{"coal":2, "wood":2, "iron":1}
```

> ## 3. Remove items from a dictionary

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## 3. Remove items from an existing inventory dictionary
```

> ## 3. Remove items from an existing inventory dictionary

Reviewer: The "dictionary" bit is implementation-specific, whereas we'd like task headings to be more about what to do instead of how. Maybe do:

```suggestion
## 3. Remove items from the inventory
```

> Implement a function that removes items from an inventory:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Implement a function that removes items in the passed-in list from the passed inventory dictionary:
```

> Implement a function that removes items in the passed-in list from the passed inventory dictionary:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Implement the `delete_items()` function that removes items in the passed-in list from the passed inventory dictionary:
```

```python
>>> delete_items({"coal":3, "diamond":1, "iron":5}, ["diamond", "coal", "iron", "iron"])
{"coal":2, "diamond":0, "iron":3}
```

> Items should not be below `0`, if the amount of items in the list exceed the amount of items in the inventory, the `key` value should not drop below `0`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Item counts should not fall below `0`, if the amount of an item in the list exceeds the amount of items in the inventory, the value should stop at `0` and not go into negative numbers.
```

```python
>>> delete_items({"coal":2, "wood":1, "diamond":2}, ["coal", "coal", "wood", "wood", "diamond"])
{"coal":0, "wood":0, "diamond":1}
```

> ## 4. Return the contents of a dictionary

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## 4. Return the inventory content
```

> Implement a function that returns a list of tuples with the items and their values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Implement the `list_inventory()` function that takes an inventory and returns a list of tuples with the items and their amount:
```

> Implement the `list_inventory()` function that takes an inventory and returns a list of tuples with the items and their amount:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Implement the `list_inventory()` function that takes an inventory and returns a list of `(item, amount)` tuples.  Only include items where the amount is greater than zero:
```

```python

> >>> list_inventory({"coal":7, "wood":11, "diamond":2, "iron":7})

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
>>> list_inventory({"coal":7, "wood":11, "diamond":2, "iron":7, "silver": 0})
```
